
                           MOSIS PARAMETRIC TEST RESULTS

          RUN: N77E                                         VENDOR: HP-NID
    TECHNOLOGY: SCN035H                               FEATURE SIZE: 0.4 microns

INTRODUCTION: This report contains the lot average results obtained by MOSIS
              from measurements of MOSIS test structures on each wafer of
              this fabrication lot. SPICE parameters obtained from similar
              measurements on a selected wafer are also attached.

COMMENTS: Hewlett Packard GMOS10Q.

TRANSISTOR PARAMETERS   W/L      N-CHANNEL P-CHANNEL  UNITS

 MINIMUM                0.60/0.4
  Vth                                 0.67     -0.57  Volts

 SHORT                  3.6/0.4
  Vth                                 0.70     -0.61  Volts
  Vpt                                10.0      -9.0   Volts
  Vbkd                                9.5      -7.2   Volts
  Idss                              520      -253     uA/um

 WIDE                   10/0.4
  Ids0                                1.1      -0.3   pA/um

 LARGE                  3.6/3.6
  Vth                                 0.72     -0.67  Volts
  Vjbkd                               9.4      -8.7   Volts
  Ijlk                               -7.5       1.8   pA
  Gamma                               0.46      0.53  V^0.5

 Delta length                        -0.06      0.07  microns
  (L_eff = L_drawn-DL)
 Delta width                          0.25      0.17  microns
  (W_eff = W_drawn-DW)
 K' (Uo*Cox/2)                      112.7     -24.8   uA/V^2

COMMENTS: Delta L varies with design technology as a result of the different
           mask biases applied for each technology. Please adjust the delta L
           in this report to reflect the actual design technology of your
           submission.
                       Design Technology                   Delta L
                       -----------------                   -------
                       SCN4M_SUBM (lambda=0.2),
                        HP_CMOS10QA                        no adjustment
                       SCN4M (lambda=0.25)                 subtract 0.1 um

FOX TRANSISTORS         GATE      N+ACTIVE  P+ACTIVE  UNITS
 Vth                    Poly        >15.0    <-15.0   Volts

PROCESS PARAMETERS    N+ACTV  P+ACTV  POLY  MTL1   MTL2   MTL3  N\PLY  UNITS
 Sheet Resistance       2.9     2.7   2.5   0.06   0.06   0.06   1400  ohms/sq
 Width Variation       -0.12   -0.09  0.07  0.04  -0.07  -0.11         microns
  (measured - drawn)
 Contact Resistance     2.5     2.4   2.2          0.86   0.70         ohms
 Gate Oxide Thickness  76                                              angstrom

PROCESS PARAMETERS       N_WELL       MTL4  UNITS
 Sheet Resistance        1537         0.03  ohms/sq
 Width Variation                      0.03  microns
  (measured - drawn)
 Contact Resistance                   0.67  ohms

COMMENTS: N\POLY is N-well under polysilicon.

CAPACITANCE PARAMETERS N+ACTV P+ACTV  POLY METAL1 METAL2 METAL3 METAL4 N_WELL UNITS
 Area (substrate)      929    836      88   30     12      5     --      88   aF/um^2
 Area (N+active)                     4533   47     19     13     11           aF/um^2
 Area (P+active)                     4555                                     aF/um^2
 Area (poly)                                69     19     10      7           aF/um^2
 Area (metal1)                                     37     14      9           aF/um^2
 Area (metal2)                                            39     15           aF/um^2
 Area (metal3)                                                   41           aF/um^2
 Fringe (substrate)    174    179           37     27     26     40           aF/um
 Fringe (N+active)                    453                                     aF/um
 Fringe (P+active)                    612                                     aF/um
 Fringe (poly)                              65     36     30     24           aF/um
 Fringe (metal1)                                   62     39     27           aF/um
 Fringe (metal2)                                          55     35           aF/um
 Fringe (metal3)                                                 48           aF/um

CIRCUIT PARAMETERS                          UNITS
 Inverters                   K
  Vinv                      1.0       1.34  Volts
  Vinv                      1.5       1.48  Volts
  Vol (100 uA)              2.0       0.21  Volts
  Voh (100 uA)              2.0       3.01  Volts
  Vinv                      2.0       1.59  Volts
  Gain                      2.0     -19.53
 Ring Oscillator Freq.
  DIV4 (31-stage,3.3V)              211.08  MHz
 Ring Oscillator Power
  DIV4 (31-stage,3.3V)                5.34  uW/MHz/g

COMMENTS:
================================================================

        SPICE Model Parameters for Submicrometer Technologies

Efforts to improve the accuracy of simulations in submicrometer
technologies (HP CMOS26G and HP CMOS14TB) using BSIM1 models and
Level=3 models have led us to the conclusion that no extraction
strategy will provide sets of Level=3 or BSIM1 model parameters which
will yield a set of SPICE model parameters which are as accurate as we
desire for all transistor channel sizes. Continuing to devote
resources to obtaining best fit sets of Level=3 and BSIM1 parameters
will detract from our effort to move to BSIM3 v.3, which we believe
will significantly improve the simulation accuracy of both digital and
analog designs.

In order to focus on the BSIM3 v.3 effort, we have suspended
extraction of SPICE model parameters for submicrometer technologies
(HP CMOS26G and HP CMOS14TB) for individual wafer lots. We will
provide (upon request) Level=39 SPICE (binned HSPICE BSIM2) model
parameters which are supplied by HP for CMOS26G, CMOS14TB, and
CMOS10QA. The method of requesting these parameters is the same as
that for requesting the HP process specifications, i.e., send a
message to support@mosis.org and provide your commercial MOSIS account
name, D-NAME and D-PASSWORD.

We apologize for any inconvenience this change in SPICE model
parameters policy may cause. However, the long term benefits of
significantly improved accuracy of simulation with BSIM3 v.3 model
parameters will hopefully be worth the short term inconvenience.

Please address any comments, questions or suggestions to
support@mosis.org.

================================================================

Download Text File
